(It's GamCheon Culture Village of Busan!)
ViVi : It looks like a tourist destination
HaSeul : It's so beautiful!
HaSeul : like a small village in a fairy tale
ViVi : Are all these people waiting for this?
HaSeul : They're waiting in line to take a picture!
(There's a lot of tourist in GamCheon Culture Village)
ViVi : There are so many people there!
(ViVi's beauty is shining bright in the crowd as well!)
HaSeul : Hello
HaSeul : It's ASMR...
(She looks really bored...)
HaSeul : I want to see you now
HaSeul : I will do a photoshoot after vivi's turn~
HaSeul : Then take the picture together
HaSeul : and change clothes
HaSeul : ViVi will do a photoshoot again
HaSeul : then me and ViVi
HaSeul : each will do a photoshoot
(The shooting is nearly finished!)
HaSeul : After that, the photoshoot in Busan will be ended. I think.